couples who fight a lot really love each
other if you are one of those people who
try to avoid arguments at all costs
here's some food for thought just for
you as it turns out couples who argue
are more likely to stay together before
you find out how on earth fighting can
be good for your relationship click the
subscribe button and ring the
notification bells to join the
Brightside nine arguing is a sign of a
mature relationship constant conflict
avoidance is definitely not the best way
to build a long-lasting relationship on
the contrary if you're able to speak
your mind clearly when arguing it means
that you're ready to take your love to
the next level
dr. Stephen Stasi a psychologist and
expert in relationship problems explains
it as toddlers versus adult love you see
adults find it more important to be
protective rather than protected and
they respect other people's right to
have their own interests tastes and
vulnerabilities mature people don't
resort to personal attacks temper
tantrums or bottling it up they instead
always try to reach a compromise and
improve their relationship with the help
of a healthy argument 8 fighting needs
you care of course it would be much
easier to just turn a blind eye to some
of your partner's habits that drive you
crazy but the fact that you're ready to
withstand all the pain and discomfort of
fighting to get a better result in the
future can be a sign of your true love
in other words arguing means that you're
more committed think about it how often
do you fight with your parents or your
siblings the same goes for your partner
if you argue a lot and always get over
it this means that you see the bigger
picture with your loved one according to
dr. Shawna Springer a licensed
psychologist in relationship and
lifestyle researcher Kahn
Slick's help you understand each other's
point of view manage negative emotions
and make your bond stronger as you work
at post conflict piece together seven
fighting makes communication easier in
order to create trust in your
relationship you shouldn't keep quiet in
fact you have to approach your partner
with an open mind take responsibility
for your actions and listen to each
other carefully dr. John Gottman who's
famous for his work on marital stability
and divorce predictions says that
arguing is one of the major forms of
communication and the most honest one it
really helps accelerate the feelings of
intimacy trust and connection it also
teaches your partner how to communicate
with you in a more effective way six
arguing is a sign of a healthy
relationship
psychologists explain that there are
seven key points to a healthy and happy
relationship and arguing is one of them
the others are mutual respect agreement
on parenting common goals values fun and
equality with money in fact author and
therapist dr. Stephanie Sarkis says that
if a couple never argues this may be a
sign that something isn't quite right
with their union arguing helps couples
reconsider their values and feelings by
addressing and discussing the things
that are important to them
however your argument should be healthy
and non-combative always try to state
your point without name-calling or
raising your voice this is what makes
arguing different from full-fledged
fighting five arguments make your
connection stronger when you're arguing
with your partner it doesn't matter if
you win or lose the most valuable thing
is that you learn a lot about each other
and even more importantly about yourself
small conflicts helped both of you
reveal your true nature and show each
other how to deal with it dr. Jennifer
samp is a professor of communication
studies at the University of Georgia
and she points out that you shouldn't
see arguing as a threat but as an
opportunity for your relationship to
evolve if you manage to overcome all the
challenges together you'll learn how to
compromise this in turn will strengthen
the bond between you or fighting
relieves your resentment being in a
relationship isn't that easy if you care
about your partner
you always have to stretch your
boundaries but if they don't do the same
for you
you may start to feel resentment not
standing your ground when it comes to
your values may make your partner think
that they can have whatever they want
and your resentment will only grow
that's a one-way ticket to an unhealthy
relationship the best way to deal with
this problem is to let your negative
feelings
out and show your partner that you're
both equals with your own needs when you
do so it's important for your partner
not to feel defensive but empathetic and
curious to solve this problem together
explains dr. Alexandra Solomon clinical
assistant professor at Northwestern
University's Department of Psychology 3
arguing means you're more likely to stay
together according to a 2018 survey of
one-thousand adults the results of which
were published in The Guardian couples
who argue are 10 times more likely to
stay together longer New York Times
bestselling author Joseph grannie
explains that the biggest mistake
couples usually make is avoidance you
often feel that something is wrong yet
say nothing and this poor communication
becomes the most common cause of
breakups although you may believe that
discussing sensitive issues won't do any
good for your relationship that couldn't
be further from the truth
lighting allows you to focus on your
problems and to solve them before they
get too big
- fighting reveals your passion some
couples enjoy a good argument because it
increases their hormone levels
subconsciously those people know that
fighting is just a sign of their passion
about an issue and their disagreement
will end up in an even stronger makeup
if you want to keep your relationship
strong and thriving it's necessary to
let your emotions out from time to time
rather than holding them in at least
that's what dr. Susan Krauss wit Bourne
professor emeritus of psychological and
brain sciences at the University of
Massachusetts Amherst has come to find
one thing that's really important is to
finish any argument in a positive way
one arguing saves you from boredom
according to clinical psychologists and
marriage counselor dr. Randi Gunther as
you get used to each other and learn to
basically read each other's minds you
stop sharing ideas and explaining how
you really feel about this or that but
in fact even if you spend together for
several years there will always be some
things you don't agree on and that's not
bad at all constructive conflicts may
feel the spark of your relationship and
make it more exciting just imagine how
boring your life together would be if
you both always agreed on everything so
don't panic next time you feel there's
going to be an argument between you and
your loved one instead try to make it
beneficial for your relationship and
future life together bonus how to have a
healthy fight with your partner it's
important to remember that there's a
difference between good fighting and bad
fighting obviously only the good one can
benefit your relationship so here's how
to turn your argument into a productive
discussion respect each other you're
both human beings with your own weak
points so don't put pressure on the
things that might be reversibly hurt
your partner apologize
if you were wrong just admit it and see
that you're sorry this simple action
doesn't make you weak
on the contrary it'll show your partner
that you still care about them stick to
the point never bring up something from
one of your previous relationships or
your partner's mistakes that you've
already let go you have only one point
to talk about so stick to it don't
appeal to third parties bringing your
friends or relatives into your argument
may make your partner feel isolated and
disrespected do your best to solve the
problem on your own before addressing
Outsiders do you think arguing is good
for couples explain your opinion in the
comments below don't forget to give this
video a like share it with your friends
and hit that subscribe button to stay on
the bright side of life
[Music]
you